doc: record/replay conda env (#148)
illinois-ceesd/mirgecom: doc/faq.rst

      $ ./install.sh --pip-pkgs=myreq.txt

.. _record conda packages:

How can I record the exact versions of Conda packages that are currently installed and reinstall them at a later time?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Running emirge's `version.sh` script creates a conda environment file that
stores the exact versions of the conda packages that were installed at
the time when `version.sh` was executed. You can use this file to install the
exact versions of the packages at a later time::

   $ cd emirge/
   $ ./version.sh --output-conda-env=myenv.yml
   [...]
   *** Conda env file with current conda package versions
   [...]
   *** Created file 'myenv.yml'. Install it with 'conda env create -f myenv.yml'

   $ conda env create -f=myenv.yml [--name my_new_env] [--force]

.. note::

   The filename must end in '.yml', otherwise conda refuses to install the file.

.. note::

   You can also install the conda packages from the created environment file with a new emirge installation::

      $ ./install.sh --conda-env=myenv.yml

>    You can also combine this with :ref:`record pip packages`::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To get version information on your entire environment, you should combine this with :ref:`record pip packages`::
```

Author: Rephrased it slightly.
